README.md, before:

https://realpython.com/flask-by-example-part-1-project-setup/

Homework
figure out how to do pg_restore, pg_dump on heroku
pg_dump local database pg_restore on prod in heroku

Get schema and data
pg_dump --no-owner friendforce > friendforce.sql

One Tab with resources
https://www.one-tab.com/page/fda5jyLNThCHc5aR-G4Ypw

AWS location of dump: https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/friendforce/friendforce.dump

https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-import-export
https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/rest/retrieve-data
Read
http://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-foreign-key

A lot of the flask stuff is from here:
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-iv-database

Todo:
- Get deployment on heroku
- Figure out how to get working with create react app
- Figure out how to know who knows who (tentative, get everybody who you have tagged)
- Get all the people you know
- Get all tags
- Figure out how to do login
  - https://auth0.com/blog/secure-your-react-and-redux-app-with-jwt-authentication//
  - https://pythonhosted.org/Flask-JWT/
  - https://www.reddit.com/r/flask/comments/4kicx8/ideas_on_how_to_implement_a_reactjs_flask_login/
  - -https://pythonhosted.org/Flask-OAuth/
  - https://github.com/klokantech/flask-firebase
  - https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/restful-authentication-with-flask

- Connect React app to API
  -

Commit message:

working to add from react

README.md, after:

https://realpython.com/flask-by-example-part-1-project-setup/

Homework
figure out how to do pg_restore, pg_dump on heroku
pg_dump local database pg_restore on prod in heroku

Get schema and data
pg_dump --no-owner friendforce > friendforce.sql

One Tab with resources
https://www.one-tab.com/page/fda5jyLNThCHc5aR-G4Ypw

AWS location of dump: https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/friendforce/friendforce.dump

https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-import-export
https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/rest/retrieve-data
Read
http://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-foreign-key

A lot of the flask stuff is from here:
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-iv-database

Todo:
- Get deployment on heroku
- Figure out how to serve with
- How do you do diffs, updates, and persistence in the browser??
- Figure out how to know who knows who (tentative, get everybody who you have tagged)

- Figure out how to do login
  - https://auth0.com/blog/secure-your-react-and-redux-app-with-jwt-authentication//
  - https://pythonhosted.org/Flask-JWT/
  - https://www.reddit.com/r/flask/comments/4kicx8/ideas_on_how_to_implement_a_reactjs_flask_login/
  - -https://pythonhosted.org/Flask-OAuth/
  - https://github.com/klokantech/flask-firebase
  - https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/restful-authentication-with-flask
